## Genome Results

To access information about a reference genome, go to its project home page, click on **Reference datasets**, and then choose the genome of interest. The genome page opens with a menu on the left and another in the center of the page.

By choosing **Type** from the menu on the left, you get a reminder about whether the genome is from an isolate, single cell genome, or popgenome. Choosing **ANI clade** lists the genome name and any closely related genomes in the project. Unless the project is indexed, this is generally the only information of interest from this menu.

The menu in the center of the page presents more detailed information about the genome and its relationship to other genomes in the project. The titles in this menu are self-descriptive and all lead to **Learn more** links that provide detailed information from the MiGA manual. Clicking on an item provides a short statement, often a button for a table of information, and links to download files related to the item.

For example, **Distances** gives a statement about the closest relatives in the project and a link to the AAI table and perhaps ANI table showing relatedness to other genomes in the project. If the genome was added to the project as a query genome, it is classified relative to the reference genomes in the project and a statement of taxonomic novelty is included. If the project was linked to a reference database *e.g.* TypeMat Lite, the **Results** page will include a **Taxonomy** section that similarly classifies reference genomes relative to those in the database. **Ribosomal RNA** gives a statement about the number of 16S rRNA genes found and the opportunity to classify them with the RDP classifier. The **Feature locations** button gives the positions of each 16S rRNA gene within the genome sequence. **Quality** reports how many of the 111 essential genes were found, the degree of contaimination, and an overall quality score. The **Full report** button lists which essential genes were present in multiple copies and which were missing.

The user is encouraged to follow the **Learn more** links for further information about all of the items on the genome results pages.
